fix spelling (#24)
lightly-ai/lightly-train: docs/source/tutorials/resnet/index.md

![Human Detection Dataset](human-detection-dataset.jpg)

## Pretrain ResNet with LightlyTrain

We will use LightlyTrain to pretrain a ResNet18 model.

The following scripts or CLI commands will:

- Initialize a ResNet18 model from Torchvision weights using LightlyTrain.

> - Pretrain the ResNet18 model on the Human Detection Dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pretrain the ResNet-18 model on the Human Detection Dataset.
```
Since we are there. What about fixing that too?
